Url parser (#259)
code-kern-ai/bricks: generators/python_functions/url_keyword_parser/README.md

> Extracts keywords from URLs using regex and NLTK. There are multiple configurations you can set. YOUR_INCLUDE_DOMAIN keeps any domains from a URL, such as "google.com". If YOUR_INCLUDE_PARAMETER is set to true, it will keep any query params made in the URL. YOUR_CHECK_VALID_URL allows you to check if a URL is valid or not. With YOUR_REMOVE_NONE_ENGLISH and YOUR_REMOVE_STOPWORDS you can opt to remove non-english words or stop-words. Setting YOUR_REMOVE_HEX_LIKE to true remove any hex numbers in the URL. With YOUR_TEXT_SEPERATOR you can set the sperarator for the text and YOUR_SPLIT_REGEX allows you do add any possible regex as well. If you want to whitelist words you can do so by adding to YOUR_WORD_WHITE_LIST.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Extracts keywords from URLs using regex and NLTK. There are multiple configurations you can set. YOUR_INCLUDE_DOMAIN tries to extract keywords from the domain (e.g. "google.com") as well. If YOUR_INCLUDE_PARAMETER is set to true, we do the same with all remaining parts of the URL (params, query & fragment of `urlparse`).  YOUR_CHECK_VALID_URL allows you to check if a URL is valid or not. With YOUR_REMOVE_NONE_ENGLISH and YOUR_REMOVE_STOPWORDS you can opt to remove non-english words or stop-words provided by nltk. Setting YOUR_REMOVE_HEX_LIKE to true remove any hex numbers in the URL. With YOUR_TEXT_SEPERATOR you can set the separator for the final text and YOUR_SPLIT_REGEX allows you to add any possible regex for splitting the URL. If you want to whitelist words you can do so by adding them to YOUR_WORD_WHITE_LIST.
```
